I don't like the plot progression...
I'm not sure about the current 2nd paragraph, since Minjeong idolizes Jimin. Therefore, it wouldn't make sense for her to put the blame on Jimin.

    Storyboard:

1) Mj at Jm's grave - Establishes that Jimin is dead, that Minjeong misses her, sets up curiosity/intrigue for the flashback

 - I need to establish here that Minjeong and Jimin had a regular relationship, a cute and fluffy thing. Include syllogisms/unusual wordings and phrases occasionally (different tone, creepy/abnormal). Abrupt tone shifts set up Minjeong's insanity, create more mystery for the reader.
 
2) Include flashback to a date or something, from Jimin's perspective. Pure fluff, to show the 'Minjeongie' personality.

3) From Minjeong's perspective, show her psycho side. A premeditated, gruesome murder.

4) From Jimin's perspective again, her finding a body, or blood. Something to discover what Minjeong's secret is. Minjeong finds her in the act, or perhaps finds out later. She's sad. Starts wih dialogue, where she uses both terms of endearment and psycho-speak to express her feelings. Possessive, obsessive, controlling words maybe. idk yet. She'll do something unknowingly, like pull out a knife. She'll be wearing something personal, like fiddling with a piece of jewelry that Jimin got her for their anniversary. Jimin is scared, she backs up, wide-eyed, shaky steps. "Minjeongie? Wha- what is this?. Minjeong grabs her, soft and tender, yet unmoving. Holds the knife to her body while tears glisten in her eyes, full of sorrow. The big thing to get through to the reader here is teh contrast between Minjeong's love and sadism, and how it is done almost unknowingly. Another huge, huge point here is Jimin's fear. That needs to come through. Denial, doubt, grief, fear. 5 stages of grief but she's scared asf. 

5) Minjeong ties her up, and kills her. Tenderly, lovingly, maybe even crying. Caresses, murmurs, personal effects. I'm not sure if I want Jimin to be tortured to emphasize the psychosis, or quick and unwilling to show how she doesn't want to hurt Jimin. Either way, she'll profess her undying love, and the crushing grief she feels thinking Jimin won't love her anymore. I think I want Jimin to stay in denial the whole time. "Minjeongie, let me go. Ths isn't funny. This isn't <i>you</i>." "Yes Unnie, don't you understand? This is me, all of me;" (whispered). Here, Minjeong gives a bit of a speech. Explains to Jimin how she painstakingly hd her secret fr years (I did this for <i>us,</i> don't you see?). I like te line 'don't you see', it emphasizes how Minjeong believes what she did is sane, justified.This is rom Jimin's pov. Jimin will notice her scary words and demeanor, and also her softness, cuteness, and how she is undeniably in love with Jimin. Yet Minjeong's words give Jimin a chill ("I don't understand"(whispered)" Minjeong looks at her with sad eyes, disappointed.)

6) Cut back to grave scene maybe.